add README to Whetstone (#87)
freeletics/mad: whetstone/README.md

actions. Whetstone has a `@RendererFragment` annotation which will then, like the
compose annotation, trigger the generation of a `ExampleRendererFragment` and a
Dagger component.

```kotlin
@RendererFragment(
    scope = ExampleScope::class,
    parentScope = AppScope::class,
    dependencies = ExampleDependencies::class,
    rendererFactory = ExampleRenderer.Factory::class, // references the factory below
    stateMachine = ExampleStateMachine::class,
)
internal class ExampleRenderer @AssistedInject constructor(
    @Assisted private val binding: ExampleViewBinding,
) : ViewRenderer<ExampleState, ExampleAction>(binding) {

    override fun renderToView(state: ExampleState) {
        // view logic
    }

    @AssistedFactory
    abstract class Factory : ViewRenderer.Factory<ExampleViewBinding, ExampleRenderer>(ExampleViewBinding::inflate)
}
```

The generated code is very similar except that the generated `Fragment` will use
the annotated `Renderer` instead of a composable for its UI.

The annotation has the same optional `fragmentBaseClass` parameter that
`@ComposeFragment` has.

## Generated component

> All the annotations have the `scope`, `dependencies` and `parentScope` parameter in
> common. The first 2 will be used on `@MergeComponent` annotation of the generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All annotations have a parameter for `scope`, `dependencies` and `parentScope`. The first 2 will be used on `@MergeComponent` annotation of the generated
```

state machine. The generated composable will use the generated component
to obtain the state machine.

### Compose with Fragments

This works very similar to the pure compose version except that you use the
`@ComposeFagment` annotation. Instead of generating another composable this
will then generate a `ExampleUiFragment` class and a Dagger component.

```kotlin
@ComposeFragment(
    scope = ExampleScope::class,
    parentScope = AppScope::class,
    dependencies = ExampleDependencies::class,
    stateMachine = ExampleStateMachine::class,
)
@Composable
internal fun ExampleUi(
  state: ExampleState,
  actions: (ExampleAction) -> Unit
) {
  // composable logic ...
}
```

The generated `Fragment` will do the same thing as the generated composable would.
It uses the same generated component to obtain an instance of the `stateMachine`
class and then will connect the annotated composable with that.

The annotation has an optional `fragmentBaseClass` parameter that allows to
specify a class other than `Fragment` to be used as super class for the
generated Fragment. This allows using `DialogFragment` or `BottomSheetDialogFragment`
for example.

### Views with Fragments

> The last covered use case are view based screens in an app that uses Fragments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The last covered use case is view based screens in an app that uses Fragments.
```

> This based on the separate [Renderer library](https://github.com/gabrielittner/renderer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is based on the separate [Renderer library](https://github.com/gabrielittner/renderer)
```

## Generated component

All the annotations have the `scope`, `dependencies` and `parentScope` parameter in
common. The first 2 will be used on `@MergeComponent` annotation of the generated
component, i.e. `@MergeComponent(scope = ExampleScope::class, dependencies = [ExampleDependencies::class])`.

Since the generated component is using Anvils `@MergeComponent`, it is possible
to use `@ContributesTo`, `@ContributesBinding` and so on with that same scope
to contribute objects into it.

`scope` is also used for Dagger scopes. The generated component is annotated
with the `@ScopeTo` annotation that ships with the Whetstone runtime and uses
the `scope` value as a parameter. To scope a class just add
`@ScopeTo(ExampleScope::class)` to it. Any object using this scope will
together with the component automatically survive configuration changes and
will not be recreated together with the UI.

The `dependencies` interface for [component dependencies](https://dagger.dev/api/2.22/dagger/Component.html#component-dependencies)
will be looked up internally using `Context.getSystemService(name)` using the
fully qualified name of the given `parentScope` as key for the lookup. It is

> expected that the app will provide it through it's `Application` class or an

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
expected that the app will provide it through its `Application` class or an
```

`Activity`. It is recommended to add `@ContributesTo` the dependencies interface
and that the `parentScope` value should be the same one that is used in that
annotation.

For convenience purposes the generated component will make a `SavedStateHandle`
available which can be injected to classes like the state machine to save state.

## Navigator integration

Whetstone has a special integration with the [MAD Navigator library](../navigator/README.md)

> and has `@NavDestination` annotation to also include the navigation setup in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and has a `@NavDestination` annotation to also include the navigation setup in the
```

generated code.

It can be used like this and is added next to the
`@ComposeScreen`/`@ComposeFragment`/`@RendererFragment` annotation:
```kotlin
@ComposeScreen(...) // works the same for all whetstone annotations
@NavDestination(
    route = ExampleRoute::class,
    type = DestinationType.SCREEN,
    destinationScope = AppScope::class,
)
@Composable
fun ExampleUi(...) {...}
```

The `route` parameter should reference the `NavRoute` class that is used
to navigate to the screen with the annotated UI. The instance of `NavRoute`
that was passed to the screen when navigating to it will be automatically
available in the generated component, so it can be injected into the state
machine or other classes to read the parameters.

When the `NavDestination` is added Whetstone also expects a `NavEventNavigator`

> to be injectable. This can be easily achieved by added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to be injectable. This can be easily achieved by adding
```

`@ScopeTo(ExampleScope::class) @ContributesBinding(ExampleScope::class, NavEventNavigator::class)`
to a subclass of it. Whetstone will automatically take care of setting up
the navigator by calling `NavigationSetup` for compose and `handleNavigation`
for Fragments inside the generated code.

The last part of the integration is that Whetstone will automatically generate
a `NavDestination` for the screen by using the `route` and `type`. This
generated destination is automatically provided into a `Set` in the component
that uses `destinationScope` as it's scope (usually an app wide or Activity

> level scope). With that it's not necessary anymore to manually create a `Set`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
level scope). With that it's not necessary to manually create a `Set`
```

    parentScope = AppScope::class, // same parent scope as we use to contribute ExampleDependencies
    dependencies = ExampleDependencies::class, // the dependencies interface
    stateMachine = ExampleStateMachine::class, // the state machine used for this ui
)
@NavDestination(
    route = ExampleRoute::class, // the route used to navigate to ExampleUi
    type = DestinationType.SCREEN, // whether it's a screen, dialog or bottom sheet
    destinationScope = AppScope::class, // contribute the generated destination to AppScope
)
@Composable
internal fun ExampleUi(
    state: ExampleState,
    sendAction: (ExampleAction) -> Unit,
) { 
    // render the ui for ExampleState
}
```

Using this would require a one time setup in the app so that the screens can look up the `AppScope`
component through `getSystemService` to retrieve the dependencies:

```kotlin
@Singleton
@MergeComponent(scope = AppScope::class)
interface AppComponent {
    // allows an Activity to get all generated NavDestinations to set up the NavHost
    val destinations: Set<NavDestination>
    
    @Component.Factory
    interface Factory {
        fun create(): AppComponent
    }
}

> class App : Application(), ImageLoaderFactory {

Reviewer 4: Small copy/paste error: The `ImageLoaderFactory` is not part of the example

Author: ```suggestion
class App : Application() {
```
